hi everybody this is John Martinson and
today I am going to show you how to
easily install the Robo Linux Windows VM
compression software program that's free
so the reason you're going to be using
this is if you've done a defrag in your
VM or you've added a lot of software and
you've decided that since you've added a
lot of software it's a good idea to
defrag your your windows XP or Windows 7
operating system so obviously you've
been to the FAQ and we're now recording
the video it's not there yet what you
would be doing is just clicking on this
download Robo Linux windows VM
compression software link and it'll take
you over to our downloads site through
SourceForge and so the file is now
downloaded and next we're just going to
go into our downloads folder and we see
the file let's right click it copy it go
to the Documents folder which is where
your windows shared folder is between
linux and we'll right-click and paste it
now when we go to windows we go into
drive e and we see the compressed
windows vm zip file we're gonna
right-click it get a warning from
Microsoft and go ahead and we're gonna
take a copy and we're gonna go up into
the C Drive into the C Drive we're gonna
right click and paste it now we must
extract that zip file so right-click it
and extract all yes to all
finish now it opens the folder for you
and what we need to be doing here is
actually opening that folder again go
ahead and take these two files and go
ahead and copy them go back to the root
folder of C Drive right click and paste
I can shut this folder down keep things
clean and we've got a an ancient old
batch file for you from the days of the
1980s so just simply look for the
compressed video dot bat file which is
to the left of the S delete dot exe file
you downloaded and if you will left
click that you will notice a terminal
popping up from it's actually a dos
terminal and you'll see that in fact the
esta lead is set for one pass it is
going to clean free the space on Drive
see this will take some time we're at
about four percent right now it depends
on how much how much space you've used
in your VM but it will drastically
compress it to a very lovely small size
and overcome what Windows has done with
their defragging I'm not going to say
anything nasty with their defragging
tool from 1980s so that pretty much
concludes this tutorial today thank you
very much for watching and may God bless
you